---
title: 'Terms and Conditions'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

_Last updated_: August 23, 2023

## 1. Acceptance of Terms

You must be of legal age to enter into a binding agreement in order to accept the Agreement . If you do not agree to the General Terms, do not use any of our Services. By accessing or using the services provided by [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) ("Service"), you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions ("Terms"). If you are entering into this agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to these Terms, in which case the terms "you" or "your" shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with these Terms, you must not accept this agreement and may not use the services.

Upon mutual execution, each Order Form shall be deemed integrated into and constitutive of the Agreement. Pursuant to each Order Form, contingent upon Customer’s adherence to the stipulations delineated within this Agreement (inclusive of any constraints and provisions specified within the pertinent Order Form), PatentAssist.ai hereby confers upon Customer a nonexclusive, restricted, individual, non-transferrable right to access and utilize the PatentAssist.ai service(s) as delineated in said Order Form (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Services”) for the duration outlined therein. Customer is solely permitted to employ the Services for its internal business operations and solely in accordance with PatentAssist.ai’s relevant official user documentation provided on the website.

## 2. Description of Service

[PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) provides a cloud-based Software as a Service (SaaS) platform to intellectual property rights (IPR) related firms for patent drafting, searching, and other patent-related services. The Service utilizes advanced technologies including a proprietary fine-tuned engine and Large Language Models (LLMs) APIs provided by OpenAI, hosted on Microsoft Azure. This integration of third-party services and our own technology ensures enhanced performance and reliability of the Service.

## 3. User Obligations
You agree to (i) provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself and your organization as required by the Service's registration form; (ii) maintain and promptly update the registration data to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete; (iii) use the services only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms and any service-specific terms applicable to your use of the Service.

As a user of [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/)'s Services, you are required to adhere to the following obligations:

Restrictions on Service Use: You shall not, and shall not permit any third party to:

- Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover the source code, object code, or underlying structure, ideas, or algorithms of the Services, except as permitted by law.
- Modify, translate, or create derivative works based on the Services.
- Copy, rent, lease, distribute, pledge, assign, or otherwise transfer or encumber rights to the Services.
- Use the Services for the benefit of a third party, except as directly related to your clients as contemplated by the Services.
- Remove or alter any proprietary notices or labels from the Services.
- Use the Services to develop a competing product or service, or to interfere with or disrupt the functionality of the Services.
- Bypass any measures implemented by [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) to restrict access to the Services.
- Falsely represent that any outputs from the Services are human-generated.
- Engage in any form of data scraping or data extraction from the Services.

You are solely responsible for the accuracy, quality, integrity, legality, reliability, and appropriateness of all data you input into the Services and the Output generated by the service. It is given that you will read, edit and modify the information generated by our AI to use it for any further legal purpose. You must ensure that you have all necessary rights, permissions, and consents to use and share Customer Data with [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/).

Ensure that Customer Data does not contain sensitive information such as social security numbers, credit or debit card details (except the last four digits), health, genetic, or biometric data, racial or ethnic data, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, sexual orientation, criminal history, or any data concerning a person under the age of 16.

## 4. Intellectual Property
All intellectual property rights in and to the Service, including but not limited to design, structure, and compilation of the software or technology used by [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/), belong exclusively to [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) or its licensors. You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML/CSS, Javascript, or visual design elements or concepts without express written permission from [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/).

For the purposes delineated within this Agreement, "Customer Data" refers to all Inputs and any other data, information, and materials furnished, uploaded, or submitted by the Customer to the Services, alongside all Outputs derived therefrom. The Customer shall maintain full ownership rights, including all intellectual property rights, over the Customer Data. It is understood and accepted by the Customer that [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) may utilize and exhibit Customer Data to facilitate the provision of the Services and fulfill obligations under this Agreement.

## 5. Confidentiality

Both parties, referred to as the "Receiving Party" and the "Disclosing Party," acknowledge that during the course of this Agreement, access to certain sensitive and proprietary information ("Confidential Information") may be granted. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, non-public data related to business operations, strategies, pricing details, and financials of the Disclosing Party, its affiliates, and subsidiaries. It also encompasses the specific terms of this Agreement and any other data designated as confidential by the Disclosing Party.

For [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/), Confidential Information includes all invention details provided by the user and any usage data collected. For the Customer, it includes all data submitted to or generated by the AI Services ("Customer Data").

Confidential Information does not cover data that is:
(a) Already public knowledge or becomes publicly known through no breach of this clause,
(b) Received rightfully from a third party not bound by confidentiality,
(c) In the possession of the Receiving Party before disclosure by the Disclosing Party without confidentiality restrictions,
(d) Developed independently by the Receiving Party without direct or indirect use of or reference to the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information, and where such development can be clearly demonstrated.

The Receiving Party is obligated to:

1. Protect the Confidential Information with the same degree of care as it uses to safeguard its own confidential data, but not less than a reasonable standard of care.
2. Use the Confidential Information solely as allowed under the terms of this Agreement and the [Privacy Policy](https://patentassist.ai/privacy-policy/) .
3. Not disclose, distribute, or disseminate the Confidential Information to any third party, except as explicitly permitted by this Agreement or as required by law.

In instances where legal processes necessitate the disclosure of Confidential Information, the Receiving Party must provide timely notice to the Disclosing Party to allow for the opportunity to contest the disclosure or seek appropriate protective measures.

More inromation about out Privacy Policy can be found at https://patentassist.ai/privacy-policy/

## 6. Third-Party Services
The Service is integrated with third-party services including OpenAI's LLM APIs and is hosted on Microsoft Azure. By using the Service, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of OpenAI and Microsoft Azure, which govern the use of their services. [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) is not responsible for any disruptions, issues, or breaches that may arise from these third-party services.

## 7. Free Trial

[PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) offers a free trial period for new users to experience one or more of our Services without charge. The free trial will remain active until the earliest of the following: (i) the conclusion of the free trial period designated for the applicable Services, (ii) the commencement of a paid subscription for the Services, or (iii) termination of the trial by [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) at its sole discretion.

During the free trial, any data you input into the Services and any customizations you make will not be retained unless you: (i) subscribe to a corresponding paid plan, (ii) purchase any necessary upgrades for the Services, or (iii) export such data prior to the expiration of the free trial period.

Please note that the Services during the free trial are provided "as-is" and without any warranties, support, or guarantees of any kind, as permitted by law. [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) assumes no liability for any data loss or other issues that may arise during or as a result of the free trial period.

## 8. Payment Terms

[PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) offers its Services under various subscription plans of differing durations. For subscription plans that are less than a year in duration, payments must be made exclusively via credit card. If you wish to continue using the services after your current subscription period ends, you must manually renew your subscription by purchasing a new plan. You will not be automatically enrolled in a new term.

Occasionally, [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) may modify the pricing of any Service or start charging for services that were previously offered free of charge. Any price changes will not take effect until you choose to renew your subscription, ensuring that no immediate financial impact occurs. You will not incur charges for any Service unless you have selected a paid subscription plan.

Should any taxes such as GST, VAT, sales tax, or similar be applicable under local, state, provincial, or foreign laws with respect to your subscription ("Taxes"), [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) will invoice you for such Taxes. These Taxes are in addition to the subscription fees, and you agree to pay them as part of your total payment obligation. [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) will provide you with an invoice formatted according to the applicable laws, which may assist you in claiming input tax credits where applicable.

## 9. Termination and Suspension

[PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) may terminate or suspend your access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including, without limitation, if you breach the Terms. Upon termination, your right to use the Service will cease immediately.

## 10. Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service.

## 11. Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/), its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and licensors from and against any and all third-party claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, expenses, fees (including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs) that such parties may incur as a result of or arising from:

1. Your use of the Services in violation of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, your breach of any of the representations and warranties outlined in the User Obligations section.
2. Any data you provide to [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/), including but not limited to the violation of any third-party rights in relation to such data (such as rights of privacy or intellectual property rights).
3. Your violation of any applicable laws, rules, or regulations through or related to the use of the Services.
4. Any other party’s access and use of the Services with your unique username, password, or other appropriate security code.
5. Any action related to your service as an intermediary or provider of the Services to third parties, if applicable, including any claims for poor quality, failure to perform, or failure to meet any consumer protection or similar requirements.
6. Any other activities in connection with the Services not expressly authorized under this Agreement.

This indemnification obligation will survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement and your use of the Services. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/) reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and you shall not in any event settle any matter without the written consent of [PatentAssist.ai](http://patentassist.ai/).

## 12. Modifications

We may modify this Agreement upon notice to you at any time through a service announcement or by sending email to your primary email address. If we make significant changes to the Agreement that affect your rights, you will be provided with at least 30 days advance notice of the changes by email to your primary email address. You may terminate your use of the Services by providing Zoho notice by email within 30 days of being notified of the availability of the modified Agreement if the Agreement is modified in a manner that substantially affects your rights in connection with use of the Services. In the event of such termination, you will be entitled to prorated refund of the unused portion of any prepaid fees. Your continued use of the Service after the effective date of any change to the Agreement will be deemed to be your agreement to the modified Agreement.

## 13. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of India, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

## 14. End of Terms and Conditions
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at [contact@patentassist.ai](mailto:contact@patentassist.ai).
